Document ability to disable SL models (#8594)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/enabled.md

```

</File>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="2.0" >

### Disable Semantic Layer resources from a package

> Some packages may define <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> resources (semantic models, metrics, saved queries) using an older specification that isn't compatible with the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. To use these packages with <Constant name="fusion" /> while maintaining your own <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> definitions, disable the package's <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some packages may define <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> resources (semantic models, metrics, saved queries) using an older specification that isn't compatible with the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. To use these packages with <Constant name="fusion" /> while maintaining your own <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> definitions, disable the package's <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> resources

Replace the package name in the example (for example, `ad_reporting` with the name of your package.
```

> Some packages may define <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> resources (semantic models, metrics, saved queries) using an older specification that isn't compatible with the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. To use these packages with <Constant name="fusion" /> while maintaining your own <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> definitions, disable the package's <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some packages may define <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> resources (semantic models, metrics, saved queries) using an older specification that isn’t compatible with the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />. 

To use these packages with <Constant name="fusion" /> while keeping your own semantic layer definitions, disable the package’s semantic layer resources in the relevant YAML file.
```
